He saw me with eternal eyes.
Why was he in sin?
Ecclesiastes chapter 9.
Ecclesiastes chapter 9 verse 11.
I returned and saw on that his song that he raised his notice to the swift.
Amen.
I see one that is on, that it ain't stuff for this fish, eh?
Not a battle to the strong.
Uh-huh.
Not a yet bred to the wise.
Not yet reaches the man to understand him.
Not yet favor the man of skill.
Mmm.
Bet time and chance happening to them.
Oh.
Damn it, chance.
So dance!
Favor does not come to those that have the ability
What it's like saying, favor those don't come to those that have the ability to solve that issue.
They don't get the favor that they need for that equal to that ability.
Amen.
Somebody you know that this person can be able to deliver.
But that person doesn't get the opportunity.
It doesn't get the favor.
It doesn't get the opportunity.
to exhibit what he can do.
So, sometimes people don't want to have the ability.
Now, breath to the wise.
See, wise man, this man is wise.
He is a professor, but he's never given opportunity.
You see, bro, you see somebody that has a master's degree, but he's still begging for breath.
Luden upstairs!
Great wisdom!
But, no break.
World!
To those that have decided.
Those that can decide.
There are people that can, when they say like this, they can write a proposal.
They can say, okay, what does this community need?
They will prepare a proposal.
They will look at this.
They will submit it to entities.
They will go, this community did this.
But then they submit it.
That's their proposal.
They won't be given.
But somebody else submit the same thing.
That person will be approved.
So, luck!
So many people
example now you can see two teams playing ball this other team we play very very well this team will play very let me go team A and team B team A will play very very well but team B that they won't play anything will win too much I guess it's such a team that is local
So today, deliverance is started.
Breaking the yolk of bad luck.
You look at it physically.
Wait, let's go try it.
Let me show you again.
Let me show you.
I returned and saw on that song.
And saw on that song.
That the race is not to the swift.
The race is not to the swift.
Depends on not to run faster.
Depends on not to run.
Does not win the race.
Not a battle to the strong.
Not the battle for the strongest man.
The man that is strongest.
He doesn't win the battle.
Because it's the strongest man win battle.
Goliath's.
would have won defeat.
Not a yet bred to the wise.
Not bred for the wise.
There are so many people that are white, but they lack bread.
Not yet reaches the men of understanding.
Reaches the men of understanding.
But what?
Not yet favor the men of skill.
But time and chance happiness to them all.
Time and chance.
Love.
Luck overtakes them all.
Many people that are supposed to be great, but bad luck have converted them to losers.
Amen?
What bad luck are cause?
Let's look at some things that bad luck can cause.
Number one, bad luck brings failure.
We are all that sausage.
Bad luck brings failure with others.
You being a means, we have all that to put so sit.
Somebody with bad luck will come there and fail.
What does bad luck cause?
Bad luck makes a wise man look foolish.
Is this somebody that is very, very intelligent?
It now looks like a foolish man because of bad luck.
Number three.
Barlock can make a man work so hard, but get little progress.
Barlock catches destinies.
What does Barlock cost?
Barlock invites back aroma.
See, when somebody is under the influence of Barlock, they're this negative aroma.
I don't know, person.
The aura that's a bad aura.
When they end up somewhere,
The place changes to negative.
What does bad law cause?
Bad law, if not addressed, can follow a person from infant to the grave.
What can bad law cause?
When someone
overshadowed by bad luck.
People will be happy any time that person lives.
I come again.
When somebody is under the influence of bad luck, you see, at the present come, any time the person lives, I place everyone happy.
I don't go any longer.
This person in bad luck too much.
Maybe people are doing business.
They know you that you have a bad luck.
Any time you commit to that business, that business must collapse.
No, we pray for it to live.
Ask not to live.
Hey.
Celebrate.
Shout out, Eloya.
What does bad luck cost?
Bad luck invites misfortune.
Number one.
Number 10.
Bad luck makes his victim to a rope around breakthrough, but never get it.
You just be roaming around breakthrough, roaming around breakthrough but you never get it.
Almost there.
How long will you country to be almost there?
Yesterday you were almost there.
Last week you were almost there.
Last year you were almost there.
But you were never there.
Stand up and pray that is.
What does bad locos?
Bad luck makes you do the things you don't want to do.
But you can't stop it.
Things that you don't want to do.
You see yourself doing it.
But deep now you want to stop.
You can't stop.
Because of the power.
What a bad luck cost.
Bad luck can make this victim.
to always lose their job any time they get it.
Bad luck makes it victim to always experience negative reputation.
Negative things are always repeating in your life.
The same scenario, the same way it happened.
The way it happened last year, it happened two years ago.
The way it happened two years ago, it's happening this year again.
What?
Bad luck costs.
Bad luck mix is victim to always experience disappointments.
Disappointment everywhere in marriage, disappointment in career, disappointment everywhere disappointments.
What can bad luck cause?
Bad luck mix is victim to always experience regular investment failure.
Regular investment failure.
Anytime you invest, you lose money.
Welcome, Balochos.
Baloch makes you satisfied with less than what God has for you.
You are satisfied with the less.
You know deep down that this is not the level you are supposed to be, but you are satisfied with the level.
What does Baloch cause?
Number one.
20.
Bad luck invites regular causes and abuse.
Regular causes and abuse.
People are always abusing you.
You go to a market.
Maybe you want to get a market to buy something.
The best selling means to abuse you.
You want selling or go to abuse you.
Anywhere you go.
You end up boss, Condoto will abuse you.
You go boss top, Madman will post it on your face.
Way more should be abused.
The first person pass, Madman will not post it on your face.
Second person pass, Madman will not post it on your face.
Third person, now you wake up post it on your face.
What can bad luck cause?
Bad luck next is victim to always miscorrect timing.
You are always late for an important appointment.
Appointment that will change your life.
What can bad luck cost?
Bad luck make good things to finish when it gets to your own town.
As soon as it gets to your town, they say no finish.
You just came late, sorry.
Maybe they need that 20 people.
You just arrived 21.
Ah, if you had come 20, if I be, just look at the cutoff point.
You just 21.
Hey, what can Balau cause?
Balau makes things to happen to something bad to always happen to people that want to help you.
Won't somebody, I said he wants to help you.
That battle just happened to that person.
But it was just, hey, who are you?
So that is what you say, nah, it's a homogeneity.
Come tomorrow.
Come on, I'm giving you, I'm giving you a job.
You arrive, they say the man just died.
Any boy that wants to help you will have a problem, mysterious problem, stand up, and pray like this, by no cost.
Bad luck makes you help us to change your mind at the last minute.
Welcome, Bad luck coach.
Bad luck makes someone to always be punished for order to push the fence.
Order to go, go, beat the fence.
You will be punished.
Welcome, Bad luck coach.
Bad luck can make you to always meet the wrong pastor.
Every time all the pastors you've been meeting are your pastor.
You've never been lucky to meet a good pastor.
The pastors you meet are the ones that would take advantage of you.
Either sexually or financially.
You've not been able to meet their right pastors because of bad luck.
So you are coming here today.
You are coming to opium today.
You have had good luck.
I said this and I keep on saying it.
Amen.
One of the special gifts God has given to me is the gift of the foot or the womb.
It's a special gift.
of the foot of the womb.
It's a gift.
In the last 30 days, in the last 30 days, we have dedicated 90 children.
Shout out to Eloya.
It's a gift.
And that is why, by the grace of God, the Lord have directed me to do a special program for those looking for the foot of the womb.
So it doesn't matter if case you have, the matter what daughter said, that is her own story.
The matter that the daughter's report, we are having a special program titled, seven Saturdays to get pregnant.
Seven Saturdays to get pregnant.
You must get pregnant before the end of that seven Saturdays.
It's starting from next week, 11th.
11th of October, every Saturday, by 6 p.m. in 5.5, 5.5, 5, 5 p.m. in the evening, 5 p.m. in the room for 7 Saturdays.
It's for husband and wife.
Before you finish, you must get better.
By force.
And that gift, the Lord gives to me, is a gift to make people
to confide people from nothing to something.
You have witnessed so many people that I came to opium as nothing.
They've become something.
I mean, not one, not two, not three, not four, not five.
I think yesterday somebody gave a testimony that he has concluded to go to native.
I mean, okay, he has already gone.
Yes, he has joined secret cops.
He went to the farm, but when they collected the farm, they wanted to send it.
But when they came to OPM, now, he didn't get any card yesterday.
Well, so, at the same time, last same week, it was like, I think it's on Tuesday, somebody gave a testimony, I'll be, why make me a hell Tuesday?
If I give a testimony, if I don't give a testimony, if I don't stop.
This was so difficult.
He has concluded.
He said it here.
That was how many days ago.
Tuesdays, how many days ago?
Five days ago, five days ago.
He has concluded about the native way.
But suddenly, he came to opium.
His life changed.
So one of the gifts is converting people from nothing.
That is one of the special gifts you're going to give it to me.
That one is healing.
That is why you see it anyway, you see it.
You see that Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
People must be healed.
Amen.
Shout out to Eloya.
No matter the case.
It's a special gift of healing, no matter how the catch is.
Right from the day, they announced the bullet.
One of my parts of life said, he stopped laying hands, so he no longer lay hands.
That people call me, we pray for them, they don't lay hands.
He said, ah, I post these days, they lay hands, come.
Each day, it's like canceling, because you do canceling or something.
Each canceling day.
All the new people that come, I will lay hands on all of them.
I don't discriminate.
Do I discriminate?
Is there anybody I would say?
When I do counselling, because every Sunday we do counselling.
That's when I turn to people.
I lay hands on everybody.
Is there anybody that has come here for counselling on Sunday that I did lay hands?
Every Sunday the new people are done too.
Five hundred.
Or more.
All those five hundred people, each of them, I would lay my hands upon them.
What do I do?
but OPM, we are still lay hands.
Lay hands on everybody.
Each Sunday, more than 500 people lay hands on them, new people that come.
Every Sunday, five lay hands, all of them.
Like people, we've gone for the first time.
Maybe you say, oh, today is the first time.
Last Sunday, these are not crab like this.
Last Sunday, one of two Sundays ago.
Three Sundays ago.
The same crab you see, that same crab you see.
I'll see the lay hands on all of them.
Give them a silence.
They will come back and testify.
Shout, Alleluia.
Welcome, Ballocos.
Number 30.
Balloc made someone to have non-achievement.
That is by its strong effort.
This by its strong effort.
Or the effort you put in.
You don't get achievement.
You don't get make achievement.
You put in so much effort, but not achievement.
Because of bad luck.
What can bad luck cause?
Bad luck makes someone to accept the kind of life.
It does not really like because it has the option.
That's not the option.
Because bad luck is good.
I'm not living in an uncooperative unit.
Like one of the testimony that was on air.
Oh my God.
This is a man that was, like, had money.
He's now living on your computer building.
But thank God they came to the gym.
I gave him my assignment.
He has now built his own house and his living in his own house.
Welcome, bad luck costs.
Bad luck makes messages or documents of breakthrough to get lost.
a critical time, documents, messages that will bring transformation into your life.
At the critical end of time, it will disappear.
You'll look for it, you'll find it.
A proactive investment here.
That was about two or three weeks ago.
He said, he has been working in the company.
For 10 years, he was working like a school such.
Why?
Not that he didn't go to university, he went to university, but because his documents, all his credentials have those disappeared.
They say, fine, you know, man, he put all his documents.
He put his CV, he put his original documents, his credentials, his B, F, D, degree, everything.
What's inside the reason, the thing don't disappear.
So now, when he goes to it, for employment, he said, I mean, a graduate said, where's evidence of the graduate?
No evidence.
So he has been working as a school soldier.
Then suddenly, he came to OPM.
So he did the assignments.
Other than the assignments, the mother called him from the village.
The coma, one boy just walked into the house and gave me a fight.
That was after a yes.
He said, one boy, just walk into the house and give me a fire.
And left.
He said, did you see the boy?
Wasn't the fire.
It's all your documents.
I know some people come in you and say, this is a story.
Please, if you know you saw this testimony, I know you would not do testimony here.
So it's not like I'm telling you to excite you.
I don't tell you this as I do.
I'm telling you two life stories.
Not happened here.
So I don't know what you have lost for so many years.
I'm going to prophesy and I stand up.
It doesn't take good a year to change your life.
It takes good a second to change your life.
I don't care how people are looking at you now.
I don't care how these shambles be facing.
If I be a man of God, your situation must change.
Yes, it was a moustache.
In the name of Jesus.